voodoo
PC users If you have a smartphone you can use bluetooth normally
I think you have
Management is also increasing with bluetooth models
When connecting the car navigation systems and mobile power in bluetooth
You can do hands-free calling
It is not that the configuration with Lou Tooth connection because it is cumbersome
you can not
Recent navigation has become easy to pairing procedure
Let's try it with the Strada r series today
At first we will be in standby state on the bluetooth setting screen of the smartphone
The car navigation system is also on standby in the bluetooth setting screen.
Strada is displayed on the smartphone screen
If you choose this
Passkey is displayed on the navigation screen and the smartphone screen
If it is the same number, pairing is done and connection is closed
Once set up, the next one will automatically light up
In the case of the r series, up to 5 smartphones and mobile phones can be registered, so even if you use them with your family
Convenient
It is ok if you choose the model you want to use from the registered list
This r series is like outing navigation support Kokoiko and drive path
Apps for smartphones are available
Kokoiko information on the spot found on the smartphone
Transfer to Navi with bluetooth
You can easily set the destination
The drive path is bluetooth and the operation of the navigation side to the smartphone
I send navigation and music and video of the smartphone with a dedicated cable
Both are apps that make the drive fun and convenient, but here too
It means that bluetooth is used